#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   sentry-sdk
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   email-validator
    #   pymongo
email-validator==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi==0.116.1
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httptools==0.6.4
    # via -r requirements.in
httpx==0.28.1
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdown-it-py
packaging==25.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
pymongo==4.15.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
rich==14.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   typer
rich-toolkit==0.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
rignore==0.6.4
    # via -r requirements.in
sentry-sdk==2.35.2
    # via -r requirements.in
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   typer
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
starlette==0.47.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
typer==0.17.3
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentry-sdk
uvicorn==0.35.0
    # via -r requirements.in
uvloop==0.21.0
    # via -r requirements.in
watchfiles==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
websockets==15.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
